Game where you have to jump on bubbles non-stop
Game where you have to pop bubbles nonstop
Snake but bubbles


Generic click to pop bubbles
	Score:
		Bubbles popped
		Town sanitation
		Population
		Smell
		Morale? (bonus at end of day?)
	Different bubbles types
		Iron (Chink sound)
		Fleeing (looks like a normal bubble?)
		Teleporting
		Trenchcoat (Creepy laugh on pop? Says "Look at me!" when opening trenchcoat)
		Dirty (fart sound)
		Bomb (boom sound)
		Spiked (Spikes shoot on death?)
		Person (Person drops and screams upon pop?)
		
Spawn Rates?
	Could do a list for each level
		Downside is no infinite levels
	Give each a flat spawn change but require 1 on their main level
		
Defending City against the hellish bubble bananza

SFX Needed:
	Pop sounds (SHould make the same or not?)
		Normal Bubble Pop
		Dirty Bubble Pop
		Person Bubble Pop
		Iron Bubble Pop
		Spike Bubble Pop
		Teleport bubble pop
		Trenchcoat bubble pop
		Bomb Bubble Pop
	Teleport bubble teleporting
	Dirty Bubble infecting another bubble
	Person in person bubble screaming
	Person in person bubble dying?
	Trenchcoat bubble cloasing tenchcoat? (might have something can work with already?)
	Bomb Bubble exploding
	Bomb Bubble infecting other bubbles (Turning them into teleport bubbles)


Title Song to repeat on title screen and game over screen?:
Bubble Bubbleologists
Bubbling the best bubbles around
Bubble Bubbleologists
Burning the city down


Day 1: Mysterious bubbles have appeared over the city. Citizens are concerned what this means.
Day 2: The bubbles keep coming. We're going to start calling it a bubble bunanza to show how serious this situation may or may not be.
Day 3: Oh, god! Some of the bubbles are dirty and smell bad when popped.
Day 4: Is that Mark in the trapped in a bubble? Is the bubble bananza finally making its first move!?
Day 5: Is that an Iron Bubble!? This is breaking news, the bubble bunanza's bubbleologists have learned matallurgy! I repeat, the bubble bunanza's bubbleologists have learned matallurgy! These are going to extra tough to pop
Day 6: I don't know why some bubbles started wearing trenchcoats and I'm not sure I want to know
Day 7: I don't understand what that bubbles supposed to be. Maybe the bubble bunanza's bubbleologist's brains are finally about to pop. This could be good news for the city
Day 8: We were wrong.... The new bubble looks like a scientific breakthrough for the bubbleologists. Will this bubble bunanza ever end?
Day 9: A bomb bubble. Is there any hope left against the bubble bunanza's barrage of bubbles?
